66-year-old man controlled in Outpatient Clinics for benign prostate hypertrophy. He presents episodes of self-limited monosymptomatic hematuria and negative urine cultures. An ultrasound study shows grade II ureteropyelocaliectasis of the right kidney and in IVU. Functional cancellation of the right kidney was observed, which is why a right percutaneous nephrostomy is performed, which confirms the urographic finding. Eight months before, he was studying ultrasound and U.I.V. without pathological findings.

His personal history includes: no known allergies. HTA. Type II diabetes mellitus. Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. Intracerebral carotid aneurysm without sequelae.
The physical examination performed is as follows: soft and depressible abdomen, not painful, not megaly, painless free renal fossae. External genitalia without pathological signs. Rectal examination compatible with BPH grade I-II. The following COMPLEMENTARY EXAMINATIONS are carried out:
ANALYSIS: Glucose 145 mg / dl, Creatinine 1.4 mg / dl. Rest of parameters within normality.
URINARY CYTOLOGY: Compatible with low-grade transitional cell carcinoma.
DESCENDING PYELOGRAPHY through nephrostomy: filling defect at the level of the right sacro-iliac ureter of approximately 20 mm in length, with signs of infiltration of the wall.

FUNCTIONAL STUDY OF THE RIGHT KIDNEY: Creatinine clearance less than 5 ml / minute.
ABDOMINO-PELVIC CAT: Infrarenal Aortic aneurysm. Hydronephrotic atrophy of the right kidney, without visualizing intraureteral endoluminal images. Doubtful paravesical lymphadenopathy.
Given these findings and the suspicion of a tumor of the right ureteric tract, the patient underwent surgery and performed a right radical nephroureterectomy with a satisfactory postoperative evolution. The histopathological opinion of the specimen informs us of chronic pyelonephritis and changes in arteriosclerosis, as well as an inflammatory ureteral lesion that obliterates the lumen with infiltrate of lymphocytes in muscle layers, erosion of the urothelium and the presence of Actinomyces. After 9 years of follow-up, the patient maintains acceptable renal function (serum creatinine 2.1 mg / dl) and is controlled for symptomatic BPH.
